feat: added --public option for push command (#667)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/push.md

--branch, -b    | string  | Optional. The branch where your API definition will be pushed or upserted. Default value is `main`.  |
--help       | boolean | Optional. Help output for the command.  |
--run-id       | string  | Optional. Specify the ID of the CI job that the current push will be associated with. See [the Run ID section](#run-id) for more information.  |
--skip-decorator | [string] | Optional. Ignore one or more decorators. See the [Skip decorator section](#skip-decorator) for usage examples.
--upsert, -u | boolean | Optional. Upsert an API to the API registry. See [the Upsert an API with push section](#upsert-an-api-with-push) for more information.  |
--version     | boolean | Optional. Show version number.  |
--region,-r    | string | Optional. Specify which region to use when logging in. Supported values: `us`, `eu`. Default value is `us`. Read more about [configuring the region](../configuration/configuration-file.mdx#region).

> --public       | boolean | Optional. Make API definition public accessible from API Registry. Read more about [public option](#public). |

Reviewer: This table was revised. This commit undoes all of the revisions I made. Now, this table is poorly formatted and the content is bad. The standard is that all options are optional unless stated otherwise. This is likely the result of a bad conflict resolution.

Author: Yes, it was after conflict resolving, thx, fixed)

--skip-decorator | [string] | Ignore one or more decorators. See the [Skip decorator section](#skip-decorator) for usage examples.
--upsert, -u | boolean | Upsert an API to the API registry. See [the Upsert an API with push section](#upsert-an-api-with-push) for more information.  |
--version     | boolean | Show version number.  |
--region,-r    | string | Specify which region to use when logging in. Supported values: `us`, `eu`. The `eu` region is limited to enterprise customers. Default value is `us`. Read more about [configuring the region](../configuration/index.mdx#region).  |

> -- public    | boolean | Optional. Make API definition public accessible from API Registry. Read more about [public option](#public).  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- public    | boolean | Optional. Make API definitions publicly accessible from the API Registry. Read more about [using the public option](#public).  |
```

> -- public    | boolean | Optional. Make API definitions publicly accessible from the API Registry. Read more about [using the public option](#public).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- public    | boolean | Make API definitions publicly accessible from the API Registry. Read more about [using the public option](#public).  |
```

issue: Optional is assumed. We say "**REQUIRED.**" when it is not optional.

openapi push openapi/petstore.yaml @openapi-org/petstore-api@v1 --skip-decorator=test/remove-internal-operations --skip-decorator=test/remove-internal-schemas
```

### Public

> The `--public` option allows upload your API definition and make it public from API Registry. By default, it's not available to the public.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `--public` option allows you to upload your API definition and make it publicly accessible from the API Registry. By default, definitions uploaded with the `push` command are not available to the public.
```

> For more information check [registry access](../../../api-registry/settings/manage-access/#set-up-access-to-api-registry) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to configure access to your APIs, check the [registry access](../../../api-registry/settings/manage-access/#set-up-access-to-api-registry) section.
```
